**v1.4.0-rc2**
# Deploying Hyperledger Fabric on a Kubernetes cluster
A collection of kubernetes configurations and helm charts used to deploy a blockchain network.

The current configuration of the network is limited to:
- 2 organisations
- 2 peers (1 for each org)
- (optional) 2 couchdb state for the peers
- 1 ca
- 1 orderer (SOLO)

Therefore it is meant to be used mostly for development purposes.

Tested on IBM Cloud > IBM Container Service > Free cluster
## Prerequisites
- [Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io/docs/setup/release/)
- [Helm](https://github.com/helm/helm)

## Deployment
### Using a single script
```bash
cd cs-offerings/scripts
./create_all [--with-couchdb]
```

### Using helm
**Note: Limited only to the creation of the network. Configuration of channel and chaincode no included yet.**

Follow the [README](helm-charts/README.md)


# Privacy Notice
For serviceability needs regarding the number of network activity, IBM has added a mechanism in the ordering service to collect a "pulse" from the networks. The UUID of a network is collected periodically and sent to a monitoring service, there is no blockchain or transaction information or data gathered or accessed. The only purpose is to provide information on activity passing through the ordering service.

The UUID is generated by the network randomly when the orderer comes up and is not attached to any further network information. The UUID is re-generated and old UUID lost whenever the ordering service is restarted.